

            "Activity was not arranged"/n
The destination of the hotel was great. The appearance of the hotel was nice. The activity was not arranged by the hotel. The provided room was spacious with clean. Wi-Fi connection was not provided in the room. The staff’s behaviour was polite. The garden was not available at the hotel. The hotel was located nearby the city. The parking place was available at the hotel.
/n

            "Behaviour of staff’s was friendly"/n
I didn't taste food from the hotel. The location of the hotel was nice. The allotted room was spacious with clean. The food quality was not good in the hotel. The service of the hotel was nice. The activities were arranged by the hotel. I had visited this hotel for relaxation tour with family. There was no delay in check in and checkout. The behaviour of staff’s was friendly in the hotel.
/n

            "The parking facility was available"/n
The breakfast was provided in the hotel. It was a good hotel. The service was nice in the hotel. The staff’s response was good. The allotted room was spacious and tidy. The activity was not arranged by the hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family. There was no difficult in check in and checkout. Garden was not available at the hotel. The parking facility was available at hotel. I went to this hotel by my own vehicle. The food was average in the hotel. I would suggest this hotel to improve the breakfast.
/n

            "The hotel location was nice"/n
Overall experience was good in the hotel. The hotel location was nice. The hotel was located nearby the city. There was no delay in check in and checkout. Service was done on time at the hotel. Behaviour of the staff’s was supportive. Room was spacious with neat and clean. I didn’t check activity in the hotel. I had complimentary breakfast in the hotel. The food quality was good and tasty. I had visited this hotel with my family. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and relative.
/n

            "The checkout was not delayed"/n
The hotel was located nearby the bus stand. Garden was not available at the hotel. There was no delay in check in and checkout. The behaviour of staff’s was good. AC, TV and fan was provided in the room. The food was good in the hotel. The variety of food was available in the hotel. The room was nice in the hotel. The breakfast was very nice in the hotel.
/n

            "The hotel building was good"/n
I had visited this hotel with my family. The hotel was located in the centre of the city. The parking facility was available at the hotel. The hotel building was good. The behaviour of staff’s was good. The bathroom was not good in the hotel. The provided room was spacious and clean. The service was provided on time. The hotel had provided south Indian and north Indian food. The best part of the hotel was cleanliness. I was satisfied with this hotel stay.
/n

            "Destination was very good"/n
The destination of the hotel was very nice. The location of the hotel was very good. The appearance of the hotel was good. The staff's were well behaved in the hotel. I had visited this hotel with my family. There was no garden available at the hotel. The provided room was very good at the hotel. The check in and checkout was done on time at the hotel. The Wi-Fi facility was not provided in the room.
/n

            "Excellent facilities and I had a restful stay"/n
I had been to Ooty and stayed in this hotel. The location of the hotel was good. The internal and external appearance of the hotel was very good. The check in and checkout was done on time. The service in the hotel was excellent. The room allotted to me was excellent with all required amenities in working condition. The food provided in the hotel was excellent in quality and taste. There were no activities in the hotel.
/n

            "The room was neat and beds were spacious "/n

                    I planned a trip to Ooty with my parents and expected an easily accessible, reputed, and safe accommodation. We stayed at Ponmari Residency for two nights. The hotel is in the heart of the city and has enough parking space and security for your vehicles.
On my arrival, I found that the female receptionist was very receptive and friendly. She had all my information handy. I had to just fill in a few details as part of the usual check-in procedure. She was considerate and thoughtful enough to help me by extending the reservation tentatively as I was uncertain about the duration of my stay. She was flexible enough to cancel it later.
The male staff members who assisted me were good too. In general, I found that the staff members were soft-spoken and courteous.
A pleasant surprise awaited me when I entered the room. The bathroom, which is the most important aspect of my stay, was all set and sparkling clean like it was never used. You will find all the bathroom essentials to freshen up. 
The room was neat and beds were spacious to accommodate four members, but we were just three, so even more a treat. The best part of my stay; steaming hot water was available round the clock.
The hotel also includes amenities that range from essentials to luxuries like wireless internet connectivity in the lobby, a travel desk, and an ayurvedic massage center.
You can also find a small shop inside the hotel premises, where you can buy stuff made or sold prominently in ooty, like homemade chocolates, varieties of tea, and aromatic oils.
Not to forget, the room service was responsive. The housekeeping staff cleaned my room without disturbing my baggage or meddling with any of my belongings.
Guests get complimentary breakfast coupons on arrival. However, the food is served at around 8:00 AM, which is very late for early birds like me, as I love to venture out early in the morning to cover as many places as I can and get few brilliant snaps before places become crammed with people and vehicles. It would be great if the management can take care of such little inconveniences. I would suggest that the hotel should start serving food around 7:15 AM. If not all the items, at the least, bread and butter to start with.
Another aspect that I would expect the management to correct is the overpriced food, though I know it is common among most hotels in tourist locations. People like me, who prefer to have food in the same hotel, will find it heavy on their pockets.
Overlooking the few minor faults, I can confidently say that my stay at the hotel was convenient, pleasant, reasonable, and satisfying.
 
General advice to travellers: 
Travellers from moderate or humid location across the world must carry sweaters, as the temperature at late evenings and early mornings could be bone chilling.  
Do not compare the taste of food in Ooty with that in Metropolitan cities. Further, if you are particular about round the clock meals, you will be utterly disappointed.
                
/n

            "Nice budget hotel for family/friends"/n

                    I was looking for a decent hotel to stay with my UK friends while visiting Ooty. Ponmari Residency was suggested by one of my colleagues who has visited this hotel very recently. On this word and also after googling i have booked 2 Suites and 1 deluxe rooms here. Location very close to Botanical Garden and very quiet normally. We reached around 9:00pm and front office executive received us very warmly and checked-in in less than 5 minutes. The Suites were excellent for the money and the UK friends loved it. They have only two suites. Hence booking in advance is a must. We were also offered free wifi. Breakfast is compliment. Dinner is average, but no complaints. I recommend this hotel as this is very cost effective for money.
                
/n

            "Staff behaviour is excellent, neat rooms "/n

                    It was a very beautiful and very nice hotel. The head massage was good. The hotel was located on the main road near the main market and big football ground. They served both veg and non veg food which was good. It was tasty, delicious and hygienic. They had enough varieties. It was a convenient and economical hotel. Services provided were good. Staff behaviour was excellent! They were friendly, helpful, hygienic and quick. Interior and exterior of the hotel were very good. Room was very spacious, neat, clean and well maintained. Housekeeping was done regularly and the amenities were also working properly. There was no problem in check-in and check-out procedure.
                
/n

            "Awesome place to stay, good room and facility "/n

                    This hotel room was clean, well decorated and fully furnished. They provide good hospitality. Its staff behaviour was cooperative and helpful and they provide room service was on time. They also provided sightseeing package to the tourist. There was more fun and price is less. Its food was very tasty and it had many types of food. It had a parking space available. I went to this hotel with my wife for holiday trip. We enjoyed here a lot.
                
/n

            "Suited my Needs"/n

                    Choosing hotels for vacations is a tricky affair as you are not sure of what is in store until you land there.
When I planned on my vacation to Ooty during May'13 with my spouse and toddler, I searched the web for hotels keeping the kid's convenience in mind. I wanted to ensure that we stayed in an place which is closer to the sight-seeing spots, so that you don't spend time in just driving around (A simple 10 kms will mean an hour or so in hill-stations) and also had access to convenience stores (Medical & other stationary), just in case the kid requires something.
Ponmari Residency is placed in the main area surrounded by all amenities and tourist locations. I stayed in the Royal suite so it was a comfortable stay with separate living room and bedroom, each with a TV. The food is close to good and service staff were also courteous. Their restaurant is known in the locality and most tourists from other hotels also land up for dining.
My family had a good time at the hotel. I will recommend this to families with toddlers.

Other Tips
#1 The cost of taxi from Coimbatore railway station to this hotel is about 700 only, but taxi drivers will start at 2000 and happily settle at 1000
#2 The cost of taxi from hotel to Coimbatore airport is about 1000 only, but taxi drivers will start at 2000 and happily settle at 1500
#3 I noticed that the travel desk was charging for taxi exorbitantly. Local taxi people will drive at very low rates. Engage one local driver and have his contact number. They will be your local call-taxi driver
#4 If you are looking for good ambiance in terms of lush lawns and green mountains as in movies, forget this place
#5 There are no fans in most of the hotels, so ensure you don't get a basement room!

                
/n