

            "Check in was on time"/n
The overall service of the hotel was good. The destination of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was done on time at the hotel. The food was value for money at the hotel. The provided room was very good at the hotel.
/n

            "It was an official tour"/n
The appearance of the hotel was good. The check in and checkout was done on time. The staff's were good. The room was clean and neat. The overall service of the hotel was good. I had visited this hotel for official purpose. There were no activities conducted by this hotel.
/n

            "Excellent hospitality "/n
Can go stay again in the hotel for their excellent service and breakfast. Excellent service from the hotel. Pleasant stay. Value for money with all amenities. Fantastic view and location for people who wants to stay from crowd and pollution away from city.
/n

            "The variety in food was provided"/n
The hotel was located in middle of the city. The parking facility was good. The appearance was nice. The behaviour of the staff’s was helpful. I didn't face any problem in check in and checkout. All basic amenities were in working condition. The food taste was good. The room allotted to me was neat and clean. The food was reasonable price. The activity was not conducted at the hotel. The variety in food was provided in the hotel. There was no suggestion for this hotel.
/n

            "Behaviour of the staff’s was helpful"/n
The service was good in the hotel. It was a family tour. The food quality was nice in the hotel. The check in and checkout process was done on time. The garden was available in the hotel. The hotel was located outside the city. The behaviour of the staff’s was helpful in the hotel. The activity was not arranged by the hotel.
/n

            "Felt at home!"/n

                    We stayed in Delightz inn from 22nd-24th of Sept and really enjoyed the stay. I would
highly recommend this hotel to my friends. 

Pros:

1. Nice location, away from hustle and bustle of the city. Even during mornings you won't
hear any noise in the surrounding. People who want to enjoy some peace and scenery, this is 
the place to stay. The layered mountains peppered with occasional bungalows in the distance
makes for a lovely view from the first floor. (Book a room in the first floor)

2. Excellent and clean 1 Bhk type apartments with a small hall with two bed-cum-sofas, a small kitchenette
with a wash basin, a bedroom with a double bed and a single bed as well and a neat bathroom.
Five adults and a kid can stay comfortably at a cheap price of 1700 per night.

3. Food demands an additional kudos to the Delightz inn team. Most of the lunches, we had outside during
site seeing. Mr.Ramesh was kind enough to suggest us a Halal hotel in the town called blue hills which
was excellent and did not burn a hole in the pocket. Dinners were always at the hotel since it was too cold
to go outside. We ordered chapathi, peas masala and chilli chicken which was btw awesome! It was served
hot and on time. They do not have a restaurant, so the kitchenette is for this purpose. The complimentary
breakfast was also good, served in the room or the lawn in front.

4. Site seeing/Pickup/Drop arrangements were done perfectly. Suresh, the driver, was realy good and made our trip
safe and enjoyable.

Cons:

1. Hot water was a big problem. It took 25 mins for the geyser to give hot water and that too only in trickles which
took another 20 mins to fill up the whole bucket. But they were able to provide us with hot water on call.

2. Food menu should be expanded. There were no mutton, fish or prawn dishes. Also, since the hotel is located high on top,
almost 3 kms from city, it is not possible to walk to the town for dinner. So guests are confined to their rooms.
More items in the menu will make it better for them.

3. Campfire and other fun activities could be arranged which would make the trip even more enjoyable.

Overall, it was an excellent stay in Delightz inn and I would always remember the wonderful hospitality they provided
to us. Kudos Delightz inn team!
                
/n

            "Good hotel nestled amidst lush green hills"/n

                    First and foremost...if the intention is to stay amidst hills and hills only, then this hotel delivers that... way way up from the crowded markets, Delightz Inn is nestled amidst lush green hills and every room on the upper floor gets to see the mesmerising sun rise and mist play depending upon the rain gods.. we were lucky to see both!..the roads are narrow and winding...but there are enough hotel signboards to act as pointers...preferably try to reach before sundown..although we reached well after sundown, thanks to google maps, locating the hotel was easy.

The hotel is fairly new, extremely clean (especially linen and towels), well ventilated, extremely spacious (deluxe rooms are actually 1BHK fit for a group of 5...our ignorance led us to book two such rooms and inflated our budget) and all rooms on the first floor have assured hill view. However maintenance needs tightening..like door locks, bathroom rods or geyser fitments needed addressing during our stay... Warm water is supplied by a boiler mechanism which allows hot water only at specific hours (geyser was for show)..so early morning bathing programs cannot happen ...

The staff are extremely courteous and on-their-toes...  check-in/check-out took hardly any time.

The kitchen has a multicuisine menu, pretty reasonably priced, tasty and ample serving. For housewives wanting to indulge in binging without having to actually cook, this kitchen is the perfect answer...kids tucked in good amounts owing to quality of the food. 

The breakfast served in the lawn was novel and ensured that each of us got an oppurtunity to appreciate the natural ambience that surrounded the hotel. The hotel maintains a very good garden which includes many of those species which we paid to see at the Botanical garden !

Activities offered by the hotel : None ... horse riding has to be paid for (Rs 200 for less than 50mtrs !)...the landscape in front of the property can be self-trekked easily... 

There is a travel desk for those who wish to avail their services. But the location being where it is, all of us had our own vehicles... so local sightseeing was again self-arranged.. Please be clear that this hotel is way away from the nearest biscuit/medicine shop/auto stand...so personal vehicle is a must.

All said ... this hotel is a symbol of 'far away from the maddening crowd'...extremely serene and comfortable...whether you go as a couple or as a group or as a family.
                
/n

            "Pleasant stay & rooms were well-maintained"/n

                    We visited this place end of February, 2015. We read lots of positive reviews about this hotel on travel blog before selecting this hotel. It is really a budget friendly hotel. We stayed there with my Hubby and kid, the room we got is very spacious almost like a one BHK flat. Room was clean and cool, as it was non AC room we did not expected it would be cool. All the suggestions were to choose east facing rooms as those are having good view from window. But we got the west facing room and trust me I found out that was a good room with view, we captured best sunset photos and lots of birds from our window. Food was good and the staff was good. They gave us room service very well,

Only concern was the road that connect the hotel from city, the road conditions were bad to approach the hotel. But after reaching the hotel we forgot about the bad road. The place where the hotel located was beautiful and scenic. Overall good place to stay for couples, family's and bachelors also. I will recommend my friends about this place.
                
/n

            "Excellent stay & very good behavioural staff "/n

                    Hotel location is really good and provides a very good view from hilltop. The road to the hotel is bit crampy and it is bit away from main market like 1.5-2km. Otherwise, the stay and facilities provided are very much liked. We booked our own cab and hotel provided stay for the driver which we were happy about as well. Overall experience was really good and please do try your stay in Delightz inn
                
/n

            "The Hotel is little up the city...So.one can feel..."/n

                    The Hotel is little up the city...So.one can feel Calm..And the resort is located Backside of Doddabetta...So can expericene extreme climate level....Food was tastefull..Service was Great..Cleanliness of rooms were totally good...And especially location makes people to come again..And attitude of staff towards guest was too good...Recommended to all....It was an awesome expericene for us...
                
/n