

            "Not at all a pleasant stay"/n
Not at all a pleasant stay. Staff behaviour, services, restaurant & food all was Pathetic. Staff doesn't know how to treat guest and what service is all about. Many rooms but looks like a society rather than hotel. There is no lake around so don't expect any lake view. Rooms were ok. You need to ask many a times if you need any services. Staff is slow and behaved like they don't care. Obviously not for family stay due to the staff behaviour and poor services. Staying here can spoil your holiday or vacation.
/n

            "Nice place to stay "/n
I visited with my family to Ooty and stayed at Hotel Lake View. It was good, clean and easy to reach the places around. The room was good enough, spacious. The only thing with executive.
/n

            "The room was clean"/n
The overall service of the hotel was good. The room was clean and neat. The hotel was located in the city. The check in and checkout was done on time. There were no activities arranged by this hotel. I don’t have any suggestion for this hotel.
/n

            "The ambience was very nice"/n
The overall service was good. The behaviour of the staff’s was helpful. The ambience was very nice. I had booked this room by online. There was no delay in check in and checkout. The room facility was well maintained. The food quality was very good. The activity was not arranged at the hotel. I had visited this hotel for family trip.
/n

            "Good maintained hotel with awesome hospitality"/n

                    I have a wonderful experience about this hotel. I visited at Ooty with my family and we were stay in Lakeview Hotel, Ooty for 3 night and enjoy it. Location of this hotel was near to main market and in side of main road. Also this hotel surrounding with hill and valley.

This hotel outer side design was awesome attractive and well color. This hotel interior design was good and well-decorated by wooden furniture. The hotel reception was very fast and also helpful with travelers. This hotel room was clean and specious and all type of modern equipment was available in here. Food of this hotel was awesome delicious and fresh but all type of food was not available in here.

Room service also available in here. The management and staff was very fast and helpful with travelers. From my experience, it was home away from home.
                
/n

            "Cooperative staff and best food "/n

                    I really was surprised to visit Ooty, one of the best tourist destination of India for nature lovers. The Ooty lake, Botanical Garden, Doddabetta, stone house are really worth seeing places. In this context, I would like to share my pleasant experience of stay at hotel Lakeview, an excellent place to stay. Very convenient to me to feel like at home. The cottage was very comfortable with natural view, staff were cooperative and of course food was the best in its class.
                
/n

            "Amongst the cottages community, feel the stay"/n

                    We went on a 10 days long South trip covering many places from Bangalore to Trivandrum. At Ooty, our booking was in Hotel Lakeview. We reached Ooty from Mysore after a good drive. The Hotel Lakeview is a cluster of similar Pucca Cottages situated in a boundary on a sloped terrain. The front office is good having restaurant just by the side of it, travel desk. The campus is somewhat isolated sort of looking at the range of hills and farms at the back side separated by fence.

All people coming to Lakeview are coming by their vehicles, all these are parked there only. In evenings, Ooty is pretty cold. You get a feeling of camping amid-st all similar cottages. The facility is having well equipped suits with geyser, double rooms, dressing tables, telephones, wi-fi (In our case, it did not work at room so had to use Net at side of reception on a desktop), TV etc.

In our trip, it was pretty cold, we asked another 'Razai', which was provided to us as given blanket was not sufficient to prevent cold (December last week).

Only thing that in the evening, you can not muster courage to go out and roam in market, as it will be somewhat far.

The food is priced okay, preparation is good. Our stay was for one night, next visit, we will try to have two nights stay in a different season to enjoy the place. A place, I will recommend. The complimentary breakfast is okay, it can be improved further by them.
                
/n

            "Hotel Lakeview is surrounded by beautiful ooty lak..."/n

                    Hotel Lakeview is surrounded by beautiful ooty lake, quiet pleasent place to stay, hotel rooms not equipped with not so modern aminities, like shower with hot water was the main dissatisfactor, although in cold season not getting a hot water for bathing is a very dangerous thing, however hotel service was so efficient that they have tried to fix the problem on urgent basis.

2nd thing we have obatained villa rooms which are spread across the lake shore which are quiet far away from the main kitchen of the hotel. kitchen/restaurant was on the different height than the rooms so going there every time you wanted some food is very difficult, since you have to climb almost 100-150 steps to go there, then you tend to order the food in the room service, but as mentioned kitchen is far away from the rooms and by virtue of this by the time our ordered food reaches to us it is completely cold (outside temp. was almost 2 degree. last november.
                
/n

            "Good Holiday resort"/n

                    I stayed in this hotel in June'15 for 3 nights and 4 days. I stayed in Villa Cottage. I did a lot of research before booking this hotel.

Every cottage has a living room, a bedroom and an attached toilet. Hot water is available 24 x 7. Fireplace is also available although I didn't use it. I liked the interiors of the cottage. My villa had a front garden. Lake view was available from there. Playing area for children is also available. Parking space is available in front of your cottage. I liked the following points :

1. Interiors of the Cottage.

2. Good room service

3. Lot of area to walk and relax.

4. Quality of Food is good.

5. Travel desk is good and helpful.

6. Property is at a peaceful place away from crowd.

7. Own parking space.

Overall, I was extremely satisfied with my stay at Hotel lake View. I will definitely stay again at this hotel when visiting Ooty next time.

Room Tip: All the cottages are same except for the front sitting area in Villa Cottages only.
                
/n